Add tab alignment documentation (#2485)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/tabstrip/tabs-position.md

---
title: Tabs Position
page_title: TabStrip Tabs Position

> description: The TabPosition parameter in the TabStrip component allows you to control the positioning of the tabs. By default, tabs are positione to the top of the TabStrip.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The TabPosition parameter in the TabStrip component allows you to control the positioning of the tabs. By default, tabs are positioned at the top of the TabStrip.
```
